##### References #####

Aho, Kernighan and Weinberger. Awk — a pattern scanning and processing language. Journal of Software: Practice and Experience, 1979.

Anscombe. The transformation of poisson, binomial and negative binomial data. Biometrika, 1948. 

Bastide, Andrea Betancourt, Nolte, Tobler, Stöbe, Futschik and Schlötterer. A Genome-Wide, Fine-Scale Map of Natural Pigmentation Variation in Drosophila melanogaster Plos Genetics, 2013.

Benjamini and Hochberg. Controlling the false discovery rate: a practical and powerful approach to multiple testing. Journal of the Royal Statistical Society Series B, 1995.

Bolstad. preprocessCore: A collection of pre-processing functions. R package version 1.40.0, https://github.com/bmbolstad/preprocessCore. 2017.

Bray, Pimentel, Melsted and Pachter. Near-optimal probabilistic RNA-Seq quantification. Nature Biotechnology, 2016.

Cleary et al. Joint Variant and De Novo Mutation Identification in Pedigrees from High-Throughput Sequencing Data. Journal of Computational Biology, 2014.

Danecek, Auton, Abecasis, Albers, Banks, DePristo, Handsaker, Lunter, Marth, Sherry, McVean, Durbin and 1000 Genomes Project Analysis Group. The Variant Call Format and VCFtools. Bioinformatics, 2011.

Lander, Waterman. Genomic mapping by fingerprinting random clones: a mathematical analysis. Genomics, 1988.

Langmead, Salzberg. Fast gapped-read alignment with Bowtie 2. Nature Methods, 2012.

Li, Handsaker, Wysoker, Fennell, Ruan, Homer, Marth, Abecasis, Durbin, and 1000 Genome Project Data Processing Subgroup.
The Sequence Alignment/Map format and SAMtools. Bioinformatics, 2009.

Li. A statistical framework for SNP calling, mutation discovery, association mapping and population genetical parameter estimation from sequencing data. Bioinformatics, 2011.

Martin. Cutadapt removes adapter sequences from high-throughput sequencing reads. EMBnet.journal, 2011.

Milne, Stephen, Bayer, Cock, Pritchard, Cardle, Shaw and Marshall. Using Tablet for visual exploration of second-generation sequencing data. Briefings in Bioinformatics, 2013.

Neph, Kuehn, Reynolds, Haugen, Thurman, Johnson, Rynes, Maurano, Vierstra, Thomas, Sandstrom, Humbert and Stamatoyannopoulos. BEDOPS: high-performance genomic feature operations. Bioinformatics, 2012.

Pimentel, Bray, Puente, Melsted and Pachter. Differential analysis of RNA-seq incorporating quantification uncertainty. Nature Methods, 2017.

Quinlan and Hall. BEDTools: a flexible suite of utilities for comparing genomic features. Bioinformatics, 2010.
